Welcome to DefenderX
Your trusted partner in innovation
Even at this moment
countless data
is flowing across the city.
In the hyper-connected era
where all systems are interconnected
Who will you entrust
your digital security to?
DeFender X
automatically integrates and
analyzes incidents
Through an advanced
response system
takes action in real-time
① Real-time Log Analysis
(AI monitors logs 24/7)
② Automatic Incident Response
(Blocks threats immediately upon detection)
③ Advanced Threat Recognition
(MITRE ATT&CK-based attack detection)
Defense Evasion
Credential Access
Visual analysis of complex attack techniques
(Automatic mapping based on MITRE ATT&CK framework)
99% confidence in detecting malicious threats with immediate response capability
Your AI security center
protecting countless systems
"Malicious malware detected"
"Starting analysis"
(Automatic analysis upon threat detection)
"Delivering report"
Mimikatz was found.
How...
Mimikatz is a malicious tool that steals Windows account passwords
DEFENDER X
Simplifying complex security.
Protecting your digital security
The real AI security solution.
Apply for a free demo now.
www.defenderx.com
Welcome to DefenderX
Your trusted partner in innovation